[HOLD FOR .NET 6 RELEASE] - Update desktop book to .NET 6 (#26643)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/modernize-desktop/index.md

---

> title: Modernizing Desktop Apps on Windows 10 with .NET 6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Modernizing Desktop Apps on Windows with .NET 6
```

description: Learn how to modernize existing desktop apps with .NET 6
ms.date: 10/24/2021
---

> # Modernizing Desktop Apps on Windows 10 with .NET 5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Modernizing Desktop Apps on Windows with .NET 6
```
